then the word of the Lord came to G Hugh
then the word of the Lord came to G Hugh the son of Hanani against bear she
the son of Hanani against bear she
the son of Hanani against bear she saying in as much as I lifted you out of
saying in as much as I lifted you out of
saying in as much as I lifted you out of the dust and made you ruler over my
the dust and made you ruler over my
the dust and made you ruler over my people Israel and you have walked in the
people Israel and you have walked in the
people Israel and you have walked in the way of Jeroboam and have made my people
way of Jeroboam and have made my people
way of Jeroboam and have made my people Israel sin to provoke me to anger with
Israel sin to provoke me to anger with
Israel sin to provoke me to anger with their sins surely I will take away the
their sins surely I will take away the
their sins surely I will take away the posterity of bear sure and the posterity
posterity of bear sure and the posterity
posterity of bear sure and the posterity of his house and I will make your house
of his house and I will make your house
of his house and I will make your house like the house of Jeroboam the son of
like the house of Jeroboam the son of
like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat the dogs shall eat whoever belongs
Nebat the dogs shall eat whoever belongs
Nebat the dogs shall eat whoever belongs to bear sha and dies in the city and the
to bear sha and dies in the city and the
to bear sha and dies in the city and the birds of the air shall eat whoever dies
birds of the air shall eat whoever dies
birds of the air shall eat whoever dies in the fields now the rest of the acts
in the fields now the rest of the acts
in the fields now the rest of the acts of bear sure what he did and his might
of bear sure what he did and his might
of bear sure what he did and his might are they not written in the book of The
are they not written in the book of The
are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel so
Chronicles of the kings of Israel so
Chronicles of the kings of Israel so bear sure rested with his father's and
bear sure rested with his father's and
bear sure rested with his father's and was buried in tearsa then ealer his son
was buried in tearsa then ealer his son
was buried in tearsa then ealer his son reigned in his place and also the word
reigned in his place and also the word
reigned in his place and also the word of the lord came by the prophet G Hugh
of the lord came by the prophet G Hugh
of the lord came by the prophet G Hugh the son of Hanina against bearshare
the son of Hanina against bearshare
the son of Hanina against bearshare and his house because of all the evil
and his house because of all the evil
and his house because of all the evil that he did in the sight of the Lord in
that he did in the sight of the Lord in
that he did in the sight of the Lord in provoking him to anger with the work of
provoking him to anger with the work of
provoking him to anger with the work of his hands in being like the house of
his hands in being like the house of
his hands in being like the house of Jeroboam and because he killed them
Jeroboam and because he killed them
Jeroboam and because he killed them in the 26 year of ASA king of Judah ela
in the 26 year of ASA king of Judah ela
in the 26 year of ASA king of Judah ela the son of Barcia became king over
the son of Barcia became king over
the son of Barcia became king over Israel and reigned two years in tearsa
Israel and reigned two years in tearsa
Israel and reigned two years in tearsa now his servant Zimmer I commander of
now his servant Zimmer I commander of
now his servant Zimmer I commander of half his chariots conspired against him
half his chariots conspired against him
half his chariots conspired against him as he was in tears a drinking himself
as he was in tears a drinking himself
as he was in tears a drinking himself drunk in the house of aza steward of his
drunk in the house of aza steward of his
drunk in the house of aza steward of his house in tears ax and Zimmer I went in
house in tears ax and Zimmer I went in
house in tears ax and Zimmer I went in and struck him and killed him in the
and struck him and killed him in the
and struck him and killed him in the 27th year of ASA king of Judah and
27th year of ASA king of Judah and
27th year of ASA king of Judah and reigned in his place then it came to
reigned in his place then it came to
reigned in his place then it came to pass when he began to reign as soon as
pass when he began to reign as soon as
pass when he began to reign as soon as he was seated on his throne that he
he was seated on his throne that he
he was seated on his throne that he killed all the household of bear sure he
killed all the household of bear sure he
killed all the household of bear sure he did not leave him one male neither of
did not leave him one male neither of
did not leave him one male neither of his relatives nor of his friends thus
his relatives nor of his friends thus
his relatives nor of his friends thus Zimride destroyed all the household of
Zimride destroyed all the household of
Zimride destroyed all the household of bear sure according to the word of the
bear sure according to the word of the
bear sure according to the word of the Lord which he spoke against spare sure
Lord which he spoke against spare sure
Lord which he spoke against spare sure by G hew the prophet for all the sins of
by G hew the prophet for all the sins of
by G hew the prophet for all the sins of bear sure and the sins of Allah his son
bear sure and the sins of Allah his son
bear sure and the sins of Allah his son by which they had sinned and by which
by which they had sinned and by which
by which they had sinned and by which they had made Israel sin in provoking
they had made Israel sin in provoking
they had made Israel sin in provoking the Lord God of Israel to anger with
the Lord God of Israel to anger with
the Lord God of Israel to anger with their idols now the rest of the acts of
their idols now the rest of the acts of
their idols now the rest of the acts of Allah and all that he did are they not
Allah and all that he did are they not
Allah and all that he did are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of
written in the book of The Chronicles of
written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel
the kings of Israel
the kings of Israel [Music]
[Music]
[Music] in the 27th year of ASA king of Judah
in the 27th year of ASA king of Judah
in the 27th year of ASA king of Judah Zimmer I had reigned in tearsa
Zimmer I had reigned in tearsa
Zimmer I had reigned in tearsa seven days and the people were encamped
seven days and the people were encamped
seven days and the people were encamped against gibbehh thong which belonged to
against gibbehh thong which belonged to
against gibbehh thong which belonged to the Philistines now the people who were
the Philistines now the people who were
the Philistines now the people who were encamped heard it said Zimmer I has
encamped heard it said Zimmer I has
encamped heard it said Zimmer I has conspired and also has killed the king
conspired and also has killed the king
conspired and also has killed the king so all Israel made am Rai the commander
so all Israel made am Rai the commander
so all Israel made am Rai the commander of the army king over Israel that day in
of the army king over Israel that day in
of the army king over Israel that day in the camp then our eye and all Israel
the camp then our eye and all Israel
the camp then our eye and all Israel went with them up from givethem and they
went with them up from givethem and they
went with them up from givethem and they besieged tearsa and it happened when
besieged tearsa and it happened when
besieged tearsa and it happened when Zimmer I saw that the city was taken
Zimmer I saw that the city was taken
Zimmer I saw that the city was taken that he went into the citadel of the
that he went into the citadel of the
that he went into the citadel of the King's house and burned the King's house
King's house and burned the King's house
King's house and burned the King's house down upon himself with a fire and died
down upon himself with a fire and died
down upon himself with a fire and died because of the sins which he had
because of the sins which he had
because of the sins which he had committed in doing evil in the sight of
committed in doing evil in the sight of
committed in doing evil in the sight of the Lord in walking in the way of
the Lord in walking in the way of
the Lord in walking in the way of Jeroboam and in his sin which he had
Jeroboam and in his sin which he had
Jeroboam and in his sin which he had committed to make Israel sin now the
committed to make Israel sin now the
committed to make Israel sin now the rest of the acts of Zimride and the
rest of the acts of Zimride and the
rest of the acts of Zimride and the treason he committed are they not
treason he committed are they not
treason he committed are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of
written in the book of The Chronicles of
written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel then the people of
the kings of Israel then the people of
the kings of Israel then the people of Israel were divided into two parts half
Israel were divided into two parts half
Israel were divided into two parts half of the people followed tipline the son
of the people followed tipline the son
of the people followed tipline the son of gynae 'the to make him king and half
of gynae 'the to make him king and half
of gynae 'the to make him king and half followed a Murray but the people who
followed a Murray but the people who
followed a Murray but the people who followed Omar I prevailed of the people
followed Omar I prevailed of the people
followed Omar I prevailed of the people who followed tip 9 the son of guideth so
who followed tip 9 the son of guideth so
who followed tip 9 the son of guideth so Tim lied died and Umrah reigned in the
Tim lied died and Umrah reigned in the
Tim lied died and Umrah reigned in the 31st year of ASA king of Judah Omar I
31st year of ASA king of Judah Omar I
31st year of ASA king of Judah Omar I became king over Israel and reigned
became king over Israel and reigned
became king over Israel and reigned twelve years six years he reigned in
twelve years six years he reigned in
twelve years six years he reigned in tears
tears
tears and he bought the hill of Samaria from
and he bought the hill of Samaria from
and he bought the hill of Samaria from Shima for two talents of silver then he
Shima for two talents of silver then he
Shima for two talents of silver then he built on the hill and called the name of
built on the hill and called the name of
built on the hill and called the name of the city which he built Sumeria after
the city which he built Sumeria after
the city which he built Sumeria after the name of Shima owner of the hill
the name of Shima owner of the hill
the name of Shima owner of the hill Armour I did evil in the eyes of the
Armour I did evil in the eyes of the
Armour I did evil in the eyes of the Lord and it worse than all who were
Lord and it worse than all who were
Lord and it worse than all who were before him or he walked in all the ways
before him or he walked in all the ways
before him or he walked in all the ways of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
of Jeroboam the son of Nebat and in his sin by which he had made
and in his sin by which he had made
and in his sin by which he had made Israel sin provoking the Lord God of
Israel sin provoking the Lord God of
Israel sin provoking the Lord God of Israel to anger with their idols now the
Israel to anger with their idols now the
Israel to anger with their idols now the rest of the acts of Emre which he did
rest of the acts of Emre which he did
rest of the acts of Emre which he did and the might that he showed are they
and the might that he showed are they
and the might that he showed are they not written in the book of the
not written in the book of the
not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel so our
chronicles of the kings of Israel so our
chronicles of the kings of Israel so our eye rested with his father's and was
eye rested with his father's and was
eye rested with his father's and was buried in Samaria then a her his son
buried in Samaria then a her his son
buried in Samaria then a her his son reigned in his place in the 38th year of
reigned in his place in the 38th year of
reigned in his place in the 38th year of ASA king of Judah a hab the son of amar
ASA king of Judah a hab the son of amar
ASA king of Judah a hab the son of amar I became king over Israel and Ahab the
I became king over Israel and Ahab the
I became king over Israel and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in
son of Omri reigned over Israel in
son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria 22 years now a hab the son of
Samaria 22 years now a hab the son of
Samaria 22 years now a hab the son of Omri did evil in the sight of the Lord
Omri did evil in the sight of the Lord
Omri did evil in the sight of the Lord more than all who were before him and it
more than all who were before him and it
more than all who were before him and it came to pass as though it had been a
came to pass as though it had been a
came to pass as though it had been a trivial thing for him to walk in the
trivial thing for him to walk in the
trivial thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat that
sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat that
sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat that he took his wife Jezebel the daughter of
he took his wife Jezebel the daughter of
he took his wife Jezebel the daughter of F Bale king of the sidonians and he went
F Bale king of the sidonians and he went
F Bale king of the sidonians and he went and served failed and worshipped him
and served failed and worshipped him
and served failed and worshipped him then he set up an altar for bail in the
then he set up an altar for bail in the
then he set up an altar for bail in the temple of bail which he had built in
temple of bail which he had built in
temple of bail which he had built in Samaria
Samaria
Samaria and Ahab made a wooden image a hab did
and Ahab made a wooden image a hab did
and Ahab made a wooden image a hab did more to provoke the Lord God of Israel
more to provoke the Lord God of Israel
more to provoke the Lord God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel
to anger than all the kings of Israel
to anger than all the kings of Israel who were before him in his days pile of
who were before him in his days pile of
who were before him in his days pile of Bethel built Jericho he laid its
Bethel built Jericho he laid its
Bethel built Jericho he laid its foundation with a Byram his firstborn
foundation with a Byram his firstborn
foundation with a Byram his firstborn and with his youngest son sigue he set
and with his youngest son sigue he set
and with his youngest son sigue he set up its gates according to the word of
up its gates according to the word of
up its gates according to the word of the Lord which he had spoken through
the Lord which he had spoken through
the Lord which he had spoken through Joshua the son of nun
Joshua the son of nun
Joshua the son of nun [Music]